[Azure AI Foundry] Add native log category (#14410)
elastic/integrations: packages/azure_ai_foundry/_dev/build/docs/README.md

| Data Stream |       Log Category       |
|:-----------:|:------------------------:|
|    logs     |          Audit           |
|    logs     |     RequestResponse      |
|    logs     | ApiManagementGatewayLogs |

#### Requirements and setup

Refer to the [Azure Logs](https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/azure) page for more information on how to set up and use this integration.

> #### Native Logging
> 
> The Azure AI Foundry provides native logging and monitoring to track the telemetry of the service. The Audit and RequestResponse log categories come under the native logging. However, the default logging doesn't log the inputs and outputs of the service. This is useful to ensure that the services operates as expected.
> 
> #### API Gateway Logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Native Logging

Azure AI Foundry's native logging provides two key event types:
- Audit Logs which record administrative operations (e.g., ListKey) and attribute them to a specific user or principal.
- RequestResponse logs which capture metadata from API calls, such as duration and status.

#### API Management Gateway Logs
```
